recipe/WhereToFindZynqMaterials.md, before:

# Where to Find ZYNQ Materials #
## Silicon ##
- ZYNQ Product Table [XMP087](http://www.xilinx.com/publications/prod_mktg/zynq7000/Zynq-7000-combined-product-table.pdf)
- ZYNQ 7010, 7015, 7020 Datasheet [DS187](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/data_sheets/ds187-XC7Z010-XC7Z020-Data-Sheet.pdf)
- ZYNQ 7030, 7035, 7045, 7100 Datasheet [DS191](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/data_sheets/ds191-XC7Z030-XC7Z045-data-sheet.pdf)
- ZYNQ Technical Reference Guide [UG585](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/user_guides/ug585-Zynq-7000-TRM.pdf)
- Errata [EN247: ZYNQ Production Errata](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/errata/en247.pdf); [AR47916: Silicon Revision Differences](http://www.xilinx.com/support/answers/47916.html)
- Video Trainings [ZYNQ Training - Hardware Features](http://www.xilinx.com/training/zynq/index.htm)

## Vivado and SDK ##
- Embedded Hardware Design Tutorial [UG940: Tutorial](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2014_4/ug940-vivado-tutorial-embedded-design.pdf), [UG898: User Guide](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2014_4/ug898-vivado-embedded-design.pdf)
- ZYNQ Software Developers Guide [UG821](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/user_guides/ug821-zynq-7000-swdev.pdf)
- Video Trainings [ZYNQ Training - Development Tools](http://www.xilinx.com/training/zynq/index.htm)

## Open Source Linux ##
- [Xilinx Wiki](http://wiki.xilinx.com)
- [Xilinx Git](http://github.com/xilinx)
- Video Trainings [ZYNQ Training - RTOS, FSBL, Linux, U-boot and Networking](http://www.xilinx.com/training/zynq/index.htm)

## Boards ##
- Xilinx Demo Kits [ZC702](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc702-g.html) [ZC706](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc706-g.html)
- Avnet Demo Kits [ZedBoard](http://zedboard.org/) [MicroZed](http://zedboard.org/product/microzed)

## Making Your Own Boards ##
- ZYNQ PCB Guide [UG933](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/user_guides/ug933-Zynq-7000-PCB.pdf)
- Supported Flash [AR50991](http://www.xilinx.com/support/answers/50991.html)
- Power Analysis Tutorial [UG997](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2014_4/ug997-vivado-power-analysis-optimization-tutorial.pdf)

Commit message:

add schematic review check list

recipe/WhereToFindZynqMaterials.md, after:

# Where to Find ZYNQ Materials #
## Silicon ##
- ZYNQ Product Table [XMP087](http://www.xilinx.com/publications/prod_mktg/zynq7000/Zynq-7000-combined-product-table.pdf)
- ZYNQ 7010, 7015, 7020 Datasheet [DS187](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/data_sheets/ds187-XC7Z010-XC7Z020-Data-Sheet.pdf)
- ZYNQ 7030, 7035, 7045, 7100 Datasheet [DS191](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/data_sheets/ds191-XC7Z030-XC7Z045-data-sheet.pdf)
- ZYNQ Technical Reference Guide [UG585](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/user_guides/ug585-Zynq-7000-TRM.pdf)
- Errata [EN247: ZYNQ Production Errata](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/errata/en247.pdf); [AR47916: Silicon Revision Differences](http://www.xilinx.com/support/answers/47916.html)
- Video Trainings [ZYNQ Training - Hardware Features](http://www.xilinx.com/training/zynq/index.htm)

## Vivado and SDK ##
- Embedded Hardware Design Tutorial [UG940: Tutorial](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2014_4/ug940-vivado-tutorial-embedded-design.pdf), [UG898: User Guide](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2014_4/ug898-vivado-embedded-design.pdf)
- ZYNQ Software Developers Guide [UG821](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/user_guides/ug821-zynq-7000-swdev.pdf)
- Video Trainings [ZYNQ Training - Development Tools](http://www.xilinx.com/training/zynq/index.htm)

## Open Source Linux ##
- [Xilinx Wiki](http://wiki.xilinx.com)
- [Xilinx Git](http://github.com/xilinx)
- Video Trainings [ZYNQ Training - RTOS, FSBL, Linux, U-boot and Networking](http://www.xilinx.com/training/zynq/index.htm)

## Boards ##
- Xilinx Demo Kits [ZC702](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc702-g.html) [ZC706](http://www.xilinx.com/products/boards-and-kits/ek-z7-zc706-g.html)
- Avnet Demo Kits [ZedBoard](http://zedboard.org/) [MicroZed](http://zedboard.org/product/microzed)
- [7 Series Schematic Review Check List](https://secure.xilinx.com/webreg/clickthrough.do?cid=198776&license=RefDesLicense&filename=xmp277-7series-schematic-review-recommendations.zip&languageID=1) (Login Required. Need to sign the license agreement.)

## Making Your Own Boards ##
- ZYNQ PCB Guide [UG933](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/user_guides/ug933-Zynq-7000-PCB.pdf)
- Supported Flash [AR50991](http://www.xilinx.com/support/answers/50991.html)
- Power Analysis Tutorial [UG997](http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2014_4/ug997-vivado-power-analysis-optimization-tutorial.pdf)
